VOID TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Context and Definitions
App Owner refers to @neartsua, the creator and app owner of Void.
Application or App means the software named Void provided by the App Owner installed
or downloaded onto any electronic device or Discord Server or Guild.
Terms and Conditions means these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement
between You and the App Owner regarding the use of this App.
You means the individual accessing or using the App.

Acknowledgement and Agreement
These Terms and Conditions govern the use of the App and the agreement between You
and the App Owner. These Terms and Conditions supersede all prior agreements, implied or
explicit, relating to the App.
Your access to and use of the App is conditioned on your acceptance and compliance
with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to every individual who
accesses or uses the App.
By using the App, the User acknowledges that they have read this Agreement,
understand it, and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions. Your access and use of the
App is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the
App.

Prohibited Use
You may not use the App in any way that violates Discord’s Terms of Service or any
applicable laws, rules, or regulations or infringes upon the rights of any other party. You agree
not to use the App for any commercial purposes without the written consent of the App
Owner.

Modification or Termination
The App Owner may modify, terminate, interrupt, or suspend access without prior
notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You agree that the App Owner may not be held liable to You or any other party for any
modification, termination, suspension, or interruption of access to the App.

Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the App Owner be
liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but
not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business
interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of
or inability to use the App, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the
App, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms).
You also agree to indemnify and hold harmless the App Owner and their affiliates from
any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses related to Your use of the App.

"AS IS" Disclaimer
The App is provided to You "AS IS" and with all faults, defects, and errors without
warranty of any kind. You agree to not hold the App Owner liable for any faults, defects, and
errors with the App.

Governing Law
The laws of Kentucky, USA, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms of
App and Your use of the App. Your use of the App may also be subject to other local, state,
national, or international laws.

Disputes Resolution
If You have any concern or dispute about the App, You agree to first try to resolve the
dispute informally by contacting the App Owner.

Changes
The App Owner reserves the right to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions at any
time.
By continuing to access or use the App, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If
You do not agree with any part of these Terms and Conditions or any part of the revised Terms
and Conditions, You may not access the app.
